Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
It's a miracle
what Arius's technology can do.
Healing one of God's creations.
As if guided by his hand.
Senator Baines.
the suspect is armed and dangerous.
We've got a man down.
I sent two units to apprehend her.
I'm going in.
There's something far more dangerous
than a young woman in there.
I hope that your men
are right with the Lord.
I'm a killer
With fire in my eyes
My bazooka
Makes the devils cry
We've been hunting that demon for weeks.
and here it is.
tracked and slain
by a mere orphaned child.
I'm not a child.
You're in trouble.
I can help.
Pass.
You might want to reconsider.
I didn't kill them.
The demon did.
And you think they'll believe that?
What do you want?
Same thing as you. I suspect.
To hunt and exterminate all Hellspawn.
When you're old enough. you work for us.
Dark Realm Command.
This is your calling.
Satan stole your parents from you.
Allow me to shape you into
God's ultimate weapon against him.
Welcome back. Mary.
Where…
You're being treated for critical wounds.
In less than an hour.
the eclipse will begin
to let us activate the Arcana weapon
and strike the very heart of Hell.
We are at our launch point.
the Ouroboros International Hotel.
Arius insisted on hosting
a celebratory gala.
We're in New York?
You have to listen to me.
Arius has been lying to us.
If he uses the Arcana.
millions of people will die.
What?
Uh. sorry. sir.
Whatever happens
when the Arcana are opened.
it is God's will.
You don't understand.
I'm the only one who understands.
This is the Rapture.
It is just as it was written in scripture.
The eclipse.
the barrier being brought down.
Satan released from his prison
so he may be destroyed
on the brink of a new millennium.
The Kingdom of God is upon us.
That isn't some holy weapon
Arius has assembled.
It's the devil's.
He isn't trying to kill Satan.
He's trying to resurrect him.
The real one who ruled
Makai before Mundus.
Mary. I brought you here
because there's still time.
You must renounce
your blasphemous delusions.
All of them.
- Lady!
- Alive.
Remanded to Baines's custody.
Am I correct in assuming
you've fallen for the woman
who's nearly killed you
several times over?
What did you do to Vergil?
I'm a man of vision. Dante.
not a senseless murderer.
Vergil is also still among the living.
though not in this reality.
What do you mean. "not in this reality"?
Where is he?
You and your brother both have
roles to play in the coming reformation.
Vergil's is as a time bomb.
My insurance policy.
But he first needs to be deprogrammed
from Mundus's lies.
I sent him to where
he will have to see the truth.
Stop!
- Give it back!
- Look at her jumping!
Meat don't get to make demands.
It's… It's my friend's.
I'm supposed to keep it safe for him.
There ain't no safe in here.
- Give me the locket.
- Hmm?
Hey. look. Another fresh one.
Ha! Must not know where he is yet.
Inside of a Trismagia's dimension.
Presumably the Trismagia
that Arius has captive.
Ain't you smart. for meat.
Where did you get this?
You said me and Vergil
both have roles to play.
You think I'm still gonna work for you?
'Cause I could barely stand that before
I watched you butcher an innocent old man.
Lucan hoarded his knowledge
and power for himself.
He was an enemy of progress.
Hardly innocent.
And yes. I am trying to recruit you.
Anyone who seeks to rule
would do the same.
Even Mundus.
The difference is.
you and I already agree.
I disagree with that.
You aren't like your brother.
You serve nothing
but your own momentary entertainment.
And I saw the unbridled primal fury
you let loose on my secretaries.
The only being who personifies Chaos more
is Argosax himself.
I will feel your heartbeat
in my hand. and rip it from your chest!
You're right
about what I've been.
Doesn't mean I'm gonna
let you set this world on fire
and feed its people to your demon god!
You believe my way is too extreme?
That there must be
some other path to true freedom?
I've been around long enough to know…
there is none.
Hey! What are you doing back there?
Giving you some perspective.
Glory in the raging of the fire!
Yes.
You would supplant me?
I made you!
This realm will never pay you fealty!
I will build an order that does.
I see your mind.
There is greatness within it.
I can help you
to bring forth a different world.
One where you will be freed
to surpass even your grandest vision.
It will require more than
one of your lifetimes to achieve.
Far more.
That is within my ability to grant.
Every time your body meets death.
you will reincarnate.
Carrying with you
the entirety of your past's memories.
Again and again.
To recover all four
of the pieces that contain me.
The Arcana.
No matter the number of lives it demands.
gather all four.
It is through their power and your flesh
that I can be reborn.
Then. together
we will forge a new world
where freedom knows no bounds.
A world without false limitation.
A world where greatness
will no longer be shackled.
It will rise.
You're a thousand years old?
672.
Not this body. obviously. but my mind.
I remember everything.
I've seen every society built by man.
The kings and lords.
The clerics. the industrialists.
the communists.
All concerned only with rules.
Constraints on those
whose brilliance threatens them.
Argosax gave me the one answer
to liberation six centuries ago.
Burn it all and embrace the flames.
Answer me.
Where did you get it?
My friend Dante gave it to me.
Just before…
Before what?
The man with the army
of identical demon ladies…
He…
He took the coin.
He killed my grandpa.
Arius.
You're new.
Let me explain how it works here.
You hand over everything you got.
and maybe we don't eat you.
Give me my sword.
Guess you're not the type
who learns by talking.
Move. and the girl dies.
You think I care about her?
It's not gonna be that easy.
Why do you think Arius sends us here?
Anyone he needs gone
but is too inconvenient to kill.
There's only one way out of this place.
Through the thing that made it.
The Trismagia.
Where?
You have more to lose than an arm.
It guards the exit. Up there.
You won't get past without a fight.
And it don't fight regular.
It… It makes you see things.
What kind of things?
Whatever they are.
no one's mind survives intact.
You see those people wandering around
like brain-dead zombies?
That's what happens
to anyone who's ever faced it.
Trismagia are oracles.
All they show is truth.
Why does that make me think you've
got a whole lot to worry about. then?
Girl.
come.
Hmm.
We were wrong. Baines.
We weren't doing God's work.
Do you still not get that?
You ordered the mass murder of families.
Children.
Perhaps it's my fault
you've failed when your faith was tested.
I know how deeply you blame yourself
for your parents' deaths.
How difficult it must be
to perceive God's purpose in such tragedy.
My parents?
What did they…
Are you not hearing me?
- Arius is about to kill millions--
- Mary.
Your father is alive.
It was he who told us about you
before I came to meet you
in the warehouse that night.
He didn't want you to know.
Your father has been an indispensable aid
to us in the fight against Mundus.
Yes. he transformed himself
into an aberration against God.
Murdered your mother.
But even he has earned his redemption.
You can too.
But you must first repent.
My dad…
My dad is just like you.
A narcissist destroyed by
a psychotic fucking obsession.
You really thought I'd be happy
that son of a bitch is still breathing?
He ate my mom.
I don't care if it was
the demon who took him over.
He turned himself into that monster.
And so did you.
Jesus.
How did I not see before?
You're him.
Both scared shitless
of what you can't control.
Both disguising your fear as conviction.
A higher calling. the need to protect.
Right up until the moment
you're drenched in the blood
of everyone you say you care about.
Some sins can't be redeemed.
It's starting.
- Tom. make sure she stays here.
- Yes. sir!
William.
if I was ever anything to you
besides a soldier.
don't let Arius use the Arcana.
Take it from someone who's
been here much. much longer than you.
Any system but Chaos
only holds back men like us.
Men of singular talent. Great men.
I've been singular my whole life.
Never made me anything great.
And you think relying on anyone else
will make you better?
Ah.
Her.
Arkham is defective product.
She lacks any true capacity for love.
You're nothing more to her
than a temporary salve for her wounds.
Your father would have
wanted you to join me.
What do you know about my father?
Sparda saw Mundus
for the devolution that he was in the end.
It's why he turned against him.
Vergil may believe the fairy tales
he's been told for now.
but it was Mundus
who had your mother murdered.
You and Argosax
share the same blood enemy.
At our side. you will have your vengeance.
You know what I'm wondering?
In all those lifetimes you lived.
did you ever stop to consider.
maybe you just aren't that good?
I mean. what are these big ideas
the system's been holding you back from?
A cyborg arm and a clone army?
You had 600 years to come up
with something much cooler than that.
I don't think Chaos is gonna help you.
You're just kinda…
unoriginal.
Let's rock.
How?
That idea seems to have made an impact.
Put me back in.
I think I can take you this time.
You are going to join us. Dante.
Looks like it will
have to be the easy way.
Now what the hell is this?
The power of Sparda is in your blood.
An ideal energy source
to help fuel Argosax's rebirth.
It's your loss that you won't live
to see the new world.
It will be…
ecstasy.
Faster. The eclipse must be soon.
I'm Matilda.
but you can call me Mattie.
What's your name?
Vergil.
That's you in the locket's picture. right?
You're Dante's brother.
You're lucky you have a family.
My parents…
they died.
I had my grandpa. but now he's…
I lost my mother
when I was your age.
The pretty lady?
What happened?
Monsters came.
I couldn't stop them.
I wasn't strong enough yet.
Can I tell you a secret?
I'm the reason Grandpa's dead.
He did it to save me.
Without strength. without power.
you cannot protect anything.
Let alone yourself.
So I need to be strong for Grandpa?
Yes. You're lucky
to have learned this lesson now.
without all I went through to learn it.
We will get out of this place.
And Arius will be paid his due.
Vergil?
What was your mom's name?
Her name…
was Eva.
Stay behind me.
How lovely to meet you.
Vergil.
Friends!
To the darkness
that will bring a new light!
- Cheers!
- Yes!
The occult theme is so tacky.
but open bar.
Look. it's the Vice President.
Acting President. didn't you hear?
Hopper's having some medical thing.
Arius.
We need to speak.
Why not?
We do have a few minutes to kill.
I've decided.
I'm Acting Commander-in-Chief.
it should be me who operates the weapon
that will strike the beast…
personally.
Activating the Arcana is complex.
Only I have the knowledge.
A weapon guided by God's hand
needs no instruction.
I take it Arkham woke up.
What did she tell you?
That the Arcana
are going to kill millions.
That you seek not to eradicate Satan.
but to restore him.
I told her that was impossible.
You really should have listened.
Arrest him!
Is it true what you said?
- Everyone here's going to die?
- Yes. It's Tom. right?
Tom. you have to get me up there.
We have to.
No! No fucking way! I'm outta here!
There will be a Rapture.
Just not the one you're looking for.
No! No. no. no. no…
Why is it always me?
My whole team got taken out by one guy!
I had to go face that same guy again!
I killed the president!
- You what?
- It was an accident!
If you really did kill Hopper.
he was a corrupt piece of shit who was
going to sell us out to Mundus anyway.
You won't fix your guilt by running.
I fucked up.
Damn it.
Good luck. Commander.
You have no idea. William.
how many men I've known like you.
Believing yourself prophets.
when all you do
is uphold the existing order.
and call it God's design.
In every instance in history.
your kind is opposed to true prophets.
the radicals and heretics like me.
You were useful. I'll admit.
But I think I mostly just wanted
to look in your eyes
when you realized
your God planned none of this.
The Lord will protect me.
You know what's next.
Open the rift once we've consumed enough
for Argosax to regain his full form.
Dante!
Lord!
Amen.
Something takes a part of me
Something lost and never seen
Every time I start to believe
Something's raped and taken from me
From me
Twenty-eight lifetimes.
Finally.
Can't I take away all this pain?
I try to every night. all in vain
In vain
Sometimes. I cannot take this place
Sometimes. it's my life I can't taste
Sometimes. I cannot feel my face
You'll never see me fall from grace
Something takes a part of me
You and I weren't meant to be
A cheap fuck for me to lay
Something takes a part of me
We are risen!
Feelin' like a freak on a leash
Feeling like I have no release
How many times have I felt diseased?
Nothing in my life is free
Is free
Go fight
Fight. some things they fight
Something on the ming
Some things they fight
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm